## Objetivo
We made a lot of substitutions to encrypt this. Can you decrypt it? Connect with `nc jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org 13758`.
## Solución 
Al conectarnos a este puerto obtenemos el siguiente mensaje:

____
dslbneoz irnr cz gsqn wkeb - wnrpqrldg_cz_d_shrn_kejtve_vlhownoegq
______
iehclb iev zsjr ocjr eo jg vczaszek xirl cl kslvsl, c iev hczcorv oir tncoczi jqzrqj, elv jevr zrendi ejslb oir tssmz elv jeaz cl oir kctneng nrbenvclb onelzgkhelce; co iev zonqdm jr oieo zsjr wsnrmlsxkrvbr sw oir dsqlong dsqkv ienvkg weck os iehr zsjr cjasnoeldr cl vrekclb xcoi e lstkrjel sw oieo dsqlong. c wclv oieo oir vczoncdo ir lejrv cz cl oir rfonrjr rezo sw oir dsqlong, yqzo sl oir tsnvrnz sw oinrr zoeorz, onelzgkhelce, jskvehce elv tqmshcle, cl oir jcvzo sw oir denaeoicel jsqloeclz; slr sw oir xckvrzo elv krezo mlsxl asnocslz sw rqnsar. c xez lso etkr os kcbio sl elg jea sn xsnm bchclb oir rfedo ksdekcog sw oir dezokr vnedqke, ez oirnr enr ls jeaz sw oicz dsqlong ez gro os dsjaenr xcoi sqn sxl snvleldr zqnhrg jeaz; tqo c wsqlv oieo tczoncou, oir aszo osxl lejrv tg dsqlo vnedqke, cz e wecnkg xrkk-mlsxl akedr. c ziekk rlorn irnr zsjr sw jg lsorz, ez oirg jeg nrwnrzi jg jrjsng xirl c oekm shrn jg onehrkz xcoi jcle.

____
CONGRATS HERE IS YOUR FLAG - FREQUENCY_IS_C_OVER_LAMBDA_DNVTFRTAYU 
______ 
HAVING HAD SOME TIME 
AT MY DISPOSAL WHEN IN LONDON, I HAD VISITED THE BRITISH MUSEUM, AND MADE SEARCH AMONG THE BOOKS AND MAPS IN THE LIBRARY REGARDING TRANSYLVANIA; IT HAD STRUCK ME THAT SOME FOREKNOWLEDGE OF THE COUNTRY COULD HARDLY FAIL TO HAVE SOME IMPORTANCE IN DEALING WITH A NOBLEMAN OF THAT COUNTRY. I FIND THAT THE DISTRICT HE NAMED IS IN THE EXTREME EAST OF THE COUNTRY, JUST ON THE BORDERS OF THREE STATES, TRANSYLVANIA, MOLDAVIA AND BUKOVINA, IN THE MIDST OF THE CARPATHIAN MOUNTAINS; ONE OF THE WILDEST AND LEAST KNOWN PORTIONS OF EUROPE. I WAS NOT ABLE TO LIGHT ON ANY MAP OR WORK GIVING THE EXACT LOCALITY OF THE CASTLE DRACULA, AS THERE ARE NO MAPS OF THIS COUNTRY AS YET TO COMPARE WITH OUR OWN ORDNANCE SURVEY MAPS; BUT I FOUND THAT BISTRITZ, THE POST TOWN NAMED BY COUNT DRACULA, IS A FAIRLY WELL-KNOWN PLACE. I SHALL ENTER HERE SOME OF MY NOTES, AS THEY MAY REFRESH MY MEMORY WHEN I TALK OVER MY TRAVELS WITH MINA.
## Notas adicionales
Este algoritmo es uno por sustitución, Así que necesitamos usar una herramienta que nos permita hacer un ataque de fuerza bruta dándole valores a las letras, que es lo que deberíamos hacer normalmente ya que en este cifrado cualquier letra puede tener cualquier valor, no hay una "sucesión" en este cifrado.

Flag:

FREQUENCY_IS_C_OVER_LAMBDA_DNVTFRTAYU

En esta ocasión no lleva un picoCTF{}

## Referencias
https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/38
https://planetcalc.com/8047/
https://www.dcode.fr/monoalphabetic-substitution